If you are addressing the person directly, no mention should be made of their given name.
Dear Mr. Johnson, not Dear Mr. Michael Johnson.
If you are referring to the person, for instance when quoting their work, then Mr. Johnson or Mr. Michael Johnson are both acceptable forms.
Sunil Chaudhary , Rahul Gupta, Sunidhi Chauhan
Richard P. Morrall, R. P. Morrall, R. Morrall, R. P. M. , R. Palmer Morrall
You are a female who is married and your name is currently Jane Marie Smith. It is your first marriage. Before you married, your name was Jane Marie Jones. To complete the form now: first name is Jane. Last name is Smith. Former name is Jones, your surname before you got married.
Some women may marry more than once. Let’s save that Jane Marie Jones has been married three times. After her first marriage she was Jane Marie Smith. After her second marriage she was Jane Marie Rogers. Now that she’s been married a third time, her name is Jane Marie Brown. To correctly fill out the form: her current first name is Jane. Her current last name is Brown. Her former surnames are Rogers, Smith, and Jones.
The second situation applies to a male or a female. Let’s use Jane again. She was born Jane Marie Smith. She does not like the name Jane; all through school she was teased and called Plain Jane. She wants to now legally change her first name to Victoria. This takes a court action to achieve. Now with the judge’s order, she is Victoria Marie Smith. To correctly complete the form: Her first name is Victoria, her last name is Smith. Her former name is Jane Smith.
Your father died before you were born. Your birth certificate bears your father‘s name; and your name at birth was Jane Marie Smith. You are now one-year-old and your mother is planning to remarry. Her new husband is going to adopt you and you will now have his last name. The name of your mother’s new husband is John Williams. After the marriage she will take his last name and due to the adoption you will also take his last name. You will now be Jane Marie Williams. In this case, complete the form with your current name Williams. Your former name is Smith. If this happens and you are very young and you never knew your biological father, You may not even discover this until you’re getting your drivers license or something like that where you have to show your birth certificate. You may be aware of it if this happened when you were 12 years old instead of one year old.
Or maybe you are a boy named Tommie Lee Smith and your mother is marrying John Wayne Williams. You could be adopted as John Wayne Williams, Jr. Current name: John Wayne Williams, Jr. Former name: Tommie Lee Smith.
One other adoption scenario. Your name is Jane Marie Smith and you are five years old.. Both of your parents are deceased and you have no other relatives, so you were made a ward of the state. You are assigned to foster parents - Tom and Susan Richards. They petition the court to adopt you. After the adoption is complete, your name is Jane Marie Richards. To complete the form, your current first name is Jane, and your current last name is Richard’s. Then you enter the name Smith for your former name. In the future when you marry and if you take your husbands name, now you are Jane Marie Nelson. Now your current name is: first name Jane; last name Nelson and your former names are Richards and Smith.